Mdformat tables (#1186)
Quansight/qhub: docs/source/user_guide/idle_culler.md

# Culling idle notebook servers

Qhub uses a mix of the `idle culler <https://github.com/jupyterhub/jupyterhub-idle-culler>`\_ extension and internal Jupyterlab server cofiguration to periodically check for idle
notebook servers and shut them down.

JupyterHub pings the user's notebook server at certain time intervals. If no response is received from the server during this checks and the timeout expires, the server is
considered to be *inactive (idle)* and will be culled.

To help jupyterhub-idle-culler cull user servers, we configure the kernel manager to cull idle kernels that would otherwise make the user servers report themselves as active which
is part of what jupyterhub-idle-culler considers.

______________________________________________________________________

> The expected behavior is that the server will be shut down and removed from the Qhub namespace once all Terminals and Kernels are considered idle or terminated, as well as any
> remaning connection is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expected behavior is that the server will be shut down and removed from the Qhub namespace once all Terminals and Kernels are considered idle or terminated, as well as any remaining connections are closed.
```
